I saw you doing a slow balancing dance on a downtown sidewalk crowded with shoppers and office workers leaving for the day, you big and shirtless and wearing a cowboy hat, standing on one leg, making arabesque gestures while you eased down and touched the sidewalk with one hand, then easing back up and switching to the other leg, over and over again, while a cop leaning against a building with his arms folded watched you with a perplexed expression that seemed to say, There isn't a law against a big shirtless man with a cowboy hat doing a slow balancing dance on a crowded downtown sidewalk, but there should be.

Among Brezsny's other performance art extravaganzas is his "Reverse Panhandling" show. At least once a year he enjoys standing at the exit ramp of a major highway holding a handful of five-dollar bills and a cardboard sign that reads "I need to give; I love to help; please take my money." To date, he has in this manner distributed $935 to rich and poor motorists alike.

"Almost any normal oyster never knows from one year to the next whether he is a she, and may start at any moment, after the first year, to lay eggs where before he spent his sexual energies in being exceptionally masculine."

Do not shake your Sazerac. Remember, shaking a clear drink is like shaking a baby: first there's going to be a lot of foam, and then you'll be staring death in the face.

"Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing
there is a field. I'll meet you there.

When the soul lies down in that grass,
the world is too full to talk about

Ideas, language, even the phrase "each other,"
doesn't make any sense."

Poems are rough notations for the music we are

Roar, lion of the heart, and tear me open!

always have a sandwich while driving — it eases the mind and occupies the jaw

I'm back at the primal source of poems: wind, sea
and rain, the market and the salmon.

"Groundhog Day is an American holiday in which the same thing happens over and over again." 

To sit down in the middle of a fine speech would imply that you remembered you had a body.

The delicacy of despair

Armistead Maupin Is a Man I Dreamt Up - Armistead Maupin is a real person, and an anagram of his name is "Is a Man I Dreamt Up"

My friends, I bring you the good news: Jesus Christ made a fucking sandwich

Canadian and Washington authorities are trying to determine whether a footless body that washed up in the San Juan Islands last year might have been attached to any of these feet.

Most of the bodies found on the New Jersey shore are attributed to foul play, Rupert said.

SUVs are gross because they're the solution to a gross problem. (How to make minivans look more masculine.)

Did you ever wake up, and go through that process of pulling yourself together, remembering who you are and where you are, and then where you were. What you did last night, what you've done wrong. And then you remember that you've got a bag of candy in your bag. It's in the big pocket. You meant to eat it last night while you were watching TV but you forgot and now it is in there waiting for you! It is a reason to get up. To start your day! So much candy! Life is gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold.

"Bush's ownership society lies in ruins at his feet as he staggers his way through the filthy debris of his radical presidency while the political corpse of Citizen McCain croaks, "Rosebud," and twists slowly, slowly in the winds of change -- five points down and falling."

By believing passionately in something that still does not exist, we create it. The nonexistent is whatever we have not sufficiently desired.

If I have a dog with some pedigree paperwork, and I lose the paperwork, I still have a perfectly valid dog.

"You've got to be kidding me. I've been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can. Can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that? My guess is that when one really been far even as decided once to use even go want, it is then that he has really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like. It's just common sense."

Despite what the fashion industry says, manufacturing a suit of feral raccoons is not overly complicated. http://www.vice.com/read/coon-suit-riot-0000040-v18n11?Contentpage=1

Cellphones, broadly speaking, are a device we use to avoid talking to people.

sesquipedalian

After looking into execution by blunt trauma, lethal injection and gun, she decided drowning was the best option for the squirrel, and the edibility of its meat. She says she'll continue to experiment with an electric Rat Zapper, but squirrels seem wary of the device.

Early one morning, while Vorass slept, Herrera took the kids out to the country and let them frolic for a while before he shot them.

"There could be lots of people doing things we don't know about," says Conlin of Seattleites pursuing their own food initiatives. "The most important thing is be respectful of your neighbors. I mean, don't trap their cats and eat them."

http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/localnews/2017113840_eatingsquirrels29m.html

“Now that we’re looking for a candidate to carry that message banner, you’re seeing the message in a way meeting the movement and the movement meeting a candidate’s message,” Madden said.

The forces of righteousness,
me and my friends, are praying for a storm, one
of those grim dark rolling southwest downpours
that will leave the electorate sane. I'm the last poet
to teach the Roethke chair under Heilman.

Musehl, 35, a student at Shoreline Community College, says his Three Musketeers-like facial hair was the result of an epiphany: "You wake up one day and realize: You can grow some really weird facial hair — and no one's stopping you," he said.

A dream I had: I was living in Germany, and somehow convinced someone to give me diplomatic immunity. However, it was German diplomatic immunity, so it was only valid in other countries. They also gave me the ability to decide to make a decision and a few others, but I forgot them in the dream, so I couldn't use them. Since we had to leave the country to use the immunity, I tried to hitchhike out. I got picked up by a bunch of Jesus freaks in a minibus, who were going to Athens, Georgia.

There is a house in Sultanahmet
They call "Edebiyat"
It's been the ruin of many a poor boy
And Lord, God knows, I'm one.

A prolonged primary battle will make great copy for those of us who used to be in the business of selling newspapers and now are in the business of giving away what we do for free in the hope that miracle money will materialize in the ether.

It was clear from questioning at the trial that at least one poll worker had trouble differentiating an even number from an odd number.

I now have had my foggy crystal ball for quite a long time. Its predictions are invariably gloomy and usually correct, but I am quite used to that and they won't keep me from giving you a few suggestions, even if it is merely an exercise in futility whose only effect is to make you feel guilty.

“I want you to know as a Georgian, I understand grits,” Gingrich said. “I even understand cheese grits. I even understand shrimp and grits. I think that gave you some sense of the degree to which Governor Romney doesn’t fit being the southern candidate in this race.”

In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.

I mean, we are running Access in Wine in X11 on Linux in an isolated user account on our server slice that revision controls your Access database in git, and we're displaying it using VNC in your web browser in flash. People can't possibly want that. But they need it.

Treated as described in the following lines, the humble Frankfurter rises majestically to tempt even the most blase palate. Be sure to buy husky Franks, zestful virile critters crammed with red meat and not rendered anaemic by cereal stuffing.

With a sharp knife make a lengthwise incision about half way through your Frankfurters and press from both ends to make the gaping wound grin at you.

Cut medium sharp American cheese into strips about one-quarter inch square. Cheese that has a slight sclerosis due to age is better than fresh, which is too lithe and limber.

In one room, a student scrapes the hide of a dead raccoon; in another, minerals are spread out on tables for use in teaching. One impressive closet has a freezer-like container filled with the rotting carcasses of dead animals being devoured by small black beetles, an efficient way to get specimens reduced to bone. The smell is ghastly, the animal corpses as unidentifiable as roadkill. It is important, we are told, to keep the beetles fed; otherwise they might stray into unwanted parts of the museum. There are good reasons why this is all behind a heavy door.

When I think of complicated Hello World programs, Malbolge comes to mind. It's an esoteric programming language designed specifically to be extremely difficult to use. When the language and reference interpreter were implemented a "Hello World" program was considered only theoretically possible. The first success relied on using a brute-force search to find a working program. Eventually, cryptographic weaknesses were discovered in the language which made loops possible and additional programs were written by hand.

There are a number of steps required for creating a new universe. This document outlines the process that needs to be followed to create a new universe.

Every pathname that denotes an existing file or directory has a unique canonical form. Every pathname that denotes a nonexistent file or directory also has a unique canonical form. The canonical form of the pathname of a nonexistent file or directory may be different from the canonical form of the same pathname after the file or directory is created. Similarly, the canonical form of the pathname of an existing file or directory may be different from the canonical form of the same pathname after the file or directory is deleted.

I don’t want to be in the dream crushing business either, but some dreams are self-crushing, and it’s not always easy to see that from inside.

Insufferable falafel troubles double. Rubber tub offers bubbles. Withhold truffles from ruffled toughs with mouths to stuff. Enough? 

Here's the secret that every successful software company is based on: You can domesticate programmers the way beekeepers tame bees. You can't exactly communicate with them, but you can get them to swarm in one place and when they're not looking, you can carry off the honey.

"When it arrived it was the dumbest fuckin' thing I ever saw in my life, and I once saw a guy accidentally roll himself up in his own cigarette."

i am a man whose hands are coated in rust

As his use of "insinuendo" indicates, Gant also tends to be intergalactical when it comes to words. He once defined scoliosis to a television commentator as "swervature of the spine." And who could forget Gant's saying that some particularly delicious chicken had been "serenaded all night" in a special sauce? Or his observation that the fields outside Fort Collins, Colo. were wet because they were "corrugated"? Through it all, he keeps hitting you with an absolute searchlight of a smile. And he winks from time to time as he rambles on about such matters as whether he'll develop "vertical veins" as his mother has.

So education is not about the unique availability of information. It’s about some pureeing of the information into a form that the student chooses to ingest.

my life falls together
then falls together again

"I'd rather peel off my skin and bathe my weeping raw flesh in a bath of vinegar than spend any time with you. But that's just my opinion. Don't take it personally."

Like many chains including McDonald's, Starbucks complies with local laws.

Baby: a drooling, shitting little pile of odors

The importance of insomnia is so colossal that I am tempted to define man as the animal who cannot sleep. Why call him a rational animal when other animals are equally reasonable? But there is not another animal in the entire creation that wants to sleep yet cannot. (“On the Heights of Despair,” p.85)

I’ve always turned to flour and butter when I can’t sleep.

He was a candidate for death and his campaign looked to be going well.

I would never say anything to disparage the airlines' carefully cultivated atmosphere of arbitrary terror.
 
My city is barely 150 years old, a mere child to L’Aquila’s advanced age. At some point, people there learned to make peace with ground that can kill you. Such is the contract for living in a lovely place, still taking shape, still forming.

NBC in its wisdom has decided that we don’t need a graphic anywhere on the screen telling us if we’re watching a 100-meter sprint or a 400-meter individual medley or a 200-meter whatever. Sometimes races will end before you’re psychically ready for them to end; other times the swimmers keep going and going as if waiting for someone to tell them they can stop.

When we hit your stop and the bus door opened, I could hear the lilacs screaming.

There’s no possible room in my worldview to like a cop. When I pause to consider the psychology of a person who, when considering the vast cornucopia of potential careers, chooses (usually with elated zeal) to guard the borders of legislated experience, I reach for my imaginary flamethrower.

Training is like fighting with a gorilla. You don’t stop when you’re tired. You stop when the gorilla is tired.

It’s not like I just popped up like a morel mushroom in the spring of agitation

I should take care not to attend the same potlucks as these people.  The kind of family I have would eat them; I think that they would actually cook them and eat them, because these people have not done enough to distinguish themselves from food

Explaining cricket:
You have two sides, one out in the field and one in. Each man that's in the side that's in goes out, and when he's out he comes in and the next man goes in until he's out. When they are all out, the side that's out comes in and the side that's been in goes out and tries to get those coming in, out. Sometimes you get men still in and not out.

When a man goes out to go in, the men who are out try to get him out, and when he is out he goes in and the next man in goes out and goes in. There are two men called umpires who stay out all the time and they decide when the men who are in are out. When both sides have been in and all the men have been out, and both sides have been out twice after all the men have been in, including those who are not out, that is the end of the game.

While uncertainty in medical language is inevitable, we must strive to represent that uncertainty with precision.

"People have gotten lazy," said a witness who described herself as a friend of the victims. "They want to just fire a gun when they should fight."

Ultimately, LOLCats are funny pictures of cats; however, the ways in which they traffic in fundamental human needs like belonging and emotional expression are no laughing matter. 

An 8-year-old boy, Kenny Markiewicz, suffered deep cuts and a concussion after being sucked into a culvert and sent zooming through an underground storm sewer before being spat out six blocks away, according to The Associated Press. It quoted the dazed boy as saying afterward, “I hate that ride.”

I had a CEO once who used to say "execute" a lot. I didn't really know what it meant either but it felt exciting when he said it. Sometimes I say it myself in the shower, when there's no-one within earshot.

Last winter, to comply with superhighway standards, Fureso tested solar-powered lighting. “People were so happy about it,” said Lene Hartmann, Fureso’s climate project leader. “One rider said, ‘We feel like the trolls are taking care of us.’ ”

This cloud is headed straight at me, growling like a hungry mountain.

“We’re not asking people to fear us,” Inspector Choi said. “We’re just asking them not to abuse us.”

“The problem is that it's nearly impossible to milk pigs. When sows are lactating, they get very aggressive. They're not docile like cows. They're smart, skittish, suspicious, and paranoid. They do not like you to get up in their business.”

Lee managed to accumulate a few jars' worth of pigs' milk, from which he made half a cup of pig ricotta that he says was delicious. Getting even such a small amount of milk required jackal-like derring-do: Lee crept up on the sows while they were sleeping, frantically pinched at their tiny nipples, then ran away when they woke up and started to freak out.

About stock trading:
The alpha males really, really hate competing with robots, because the alpha males invariably lose, so they complain that robots are stealing the money that the alpha males used to extract from their customers by right of being the one with a license to be shouting and sweaty at a particular physical location.

A meeting of 21 scientists in Parma, Italy, concluded that reduced water content in the body was a symptom of dehydration and not something that drinking water could subsequently control.

If you define your self-worth in comparison to other people, you're building your house on sand.

When I drive, as I have to confess I sometimes do, I’m afraid of pedestrians because at any moment any of them might punish me for generating planet-destroying emissions by forcing me to hit them with my car. 

You can tell when an out-of-towner is at the stop: they’re the ones who barely tap on the brakes before zooming through the intersection, out of turn. Seattleites don’t mind, because the sooner the lout is gone, the sooner those who remain can get down to the fascinating calculus of deciding who gets to determine the order of traffic movement.

Now I was irritated, but only because I was failing to appreciate my role in a complex social system of exchanges and compensations. My privilege as a driver, tolerated by him, was to have a quick (though ecocidal) way to get home in the rain. His privilege as a pedestrian, which I was flagrantly violating, was to be the honorary king of the crosswalk, in recognition of the fact that he was sacrificing his comfort for the good of the planet. 

But when I’m in a car, I try to remember that I’m in Seattle. My car is an older Toyota Corolla, without hubcaps, so I have more moral authority than a shiny new SUV, but less than anyone on a bicycle or a scooter. And any pedestrian always rules us all. So when a stranger on the sidewalk gestures for me to run through a stop out of turn, I try to do so graciously, even when it defies common sense in a way that would earn jeers in New York. 

Let me just say that, if you ever have the choice of putting your words in powerpoint or having them carved into 30-foot high marble, I'd say go for the marble.

Toast shade selection knob lets you get just the right amount of toasting for all your breads

A trilingual conversation between smiles.

"K man I'm gonna crash out like your latest install"

word of the day: excrementitious

I recall reading about how a wandering bee doesn't give a damn to humans dancing and celebrating nearby.

Convenient proxy factory bean superclass for proxy factory beans that create only singletons.

If you get hung up on everybody else’s hang-ups, then the whole world’s going to be nothing more than one huge gallows.

"Here," he doesn't say to the other one who doesn't speak. "This is for you."

This is all Journalism 101 and I don’t even know why I’m writing it, other than to fill the white space between the ads.

We all have reasons
for moving.
I move
to keep things whole.

He has snagged the universe and, suspended in
reincarnation at the end of his snapped line, smiles.

I have a connotative understanding of the words "connotative" and "denotative" but I do not have a denotative understanding.

That last sentence was a grammatical trap, but I think I escaped unscathed.

Your fear tells you what you must do.

We were far from perfect as all inventions are

Somebody somewhere thinks you would like a cake

Fish flesh makes brains and brains makes money, and without money you are rated 'an undesirable citizen and an obstruction to progress and Civilization.' 

There will come a time — perhaps even in our lifetime — when the semicolon's only purpose will be as the eyes in a winking smiley face.

The common cormorant or shag
Lays eggs inside a paper bag
The reason you will see no doubt
It is to keep the lightning out
But what these unobservant birds
Have never noticed is that herds
Of wandering bears may come with buns
And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.

Forests, trees, hugs and bees.

A basic nuclear rocket—the kind we could build today—can reach 10 kilometers per second. That's gets a robotic factory across the galaxy in 1.5 billion years. The oldest habitable stars are considerably older than that. Top quality propulsion can shrink the time to 50 million years, which means somebody can colonize the galaxy faster than dinosaurs can evolve into talking monkeys.

My daughter(6 years old) asked me the other night at dinner when she would learn which berries in the forest are poisonous, high school or college. I explained to her that she would not be learning these things in school, she will have to learn them from other places like books. At which point she tells me she is not sure she wants to go to college if she isn't going to be learning important things.

The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.

The cybernetic exchange between man, computer and algorithm is like a game of musical chairs: The frantic search for balance always leaves one of the three standing ill at ease.

“Erosion’s always been the toughest problem in geology,” Wernicke said, “because what you’re trying to study is all gone now.”

Territorialisation, deterritorialisation, and reterritorialisation

It is not possible to define exactly what Odradek is, not even what Kafka thought it was when he was writing the story.

Civilization always seems old, because it's always the oldest it's ever been.

Certainly, modifying risk factors is more cost effective and more enjoyable than coronary heart disease itself.

Real diagnoses: magnet wound, glue ear, strawberry tongue, migrational brain disorder

“Our language ... has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.”

A palace of woes where the living buy bread from the already dead

The senators, as is their custom, did most of the talking on Wednesday night.

I spent the summer as the lead engineer on an ill-fated project to save the world from terrorism. We had a chemistry professor with a god complex who had slipped one morning in the shower and bumped his head. When he woke up, he saw a statistical relevance between capacitance, conductance, frequency and the amount of explosive material inside of a pair of capacitor plates.

I have since come to realize that being between your mentor and his route to the bathroom is a major career booster.

Buying every known Nintendo game and input device on Sun's dime made a lot of sense to us.

Fine, but there are other things than motion, you know.

You claim to be a poet. I do not, although sometimes I think I should.

"We gladly feast on those who would subdue us."

Having turned over his mental life to a computerized system, he refuses to be pushed around by random inputs and requests. Naturally, this can be annoying to people whose messages tend to sift to the bottom. "After four months," Biedalak says sadly, "you sometimes get a reply to some sentence in an email that has been scrambled in his incremental reading process."

A ten-year-old boy in Iowa discovered a plesiosaur that was killed 74 million years ago by the Manson Impact in Pocahontas County. “Thing came up for air and got a lungful of hot glass shards,” said the investigating paleontologist. “Pretty much the most catastrophic day you could have.

Marine biologists described the mechanisms whereby squid iridesce but could not say how particular colors are chosen. “One possibility,” said the leader of the study, “is the animals do not care.”

I believe in spring, just as I believe in the morning.

Personally I believe that the arguments against geocide, though limited in scope, are convincing. I don't want Earth destroyed anytime soon - I'm just having too much fun with it still existing. Still, everyone's entitled to their own opinion.

Coming from a family where we think the right way to dispose of a dead mouse is to place it in the garbage disposal — it turns out, for anyone curious, that if you would like to diffuse the aroma of something through your entire house very quickly, placing it in your garbage disposal is a wonderfully effective mode of doing so — and that the way to deal with Sudden Overwhelming Nervous Crises is to ask if the person wants a sandwich, I admire advice-givers with much the same stunned reverence that I give to Olympic athletes and people who manage to coordinate their coats with their outfits

It's so ugly I want to vomit just so I have something prettier to look at

Here is my metaphor: your book is a pudding stuffed with apposite observations, many well-conceived.  Like excrement, it contains enough undigested nuggets of nutrition to sustain life for some.  But it is not a tasty pie:  it reeks too much of contempt and of envy.

In his later years, Grainger developed an aversion to English words with Latin roots—so the word “museum” was, in this system, to be replaced with the term “Hoard House”. He hoped this was what all museums would henceforth be called. I agree. The Guggenheim Hoard House, the Hoard House of Modern Art—let’s be honest about what these places are.

Mayor Bloomberg of NYC has a clock on the wall for each of the five boroughs, all telling the same time.

A 10 foot diameter globe with Africa as the door, that you can sit inside of, with everything in topographic reverse-relief, so from the inside, mountains are closer to the center and the ocean is closer to the outside.

At this point I understand that the maths you present from the whiteboard are difficult based mostly on handwriting size and variety of colors and quantity of text.

We may not have gotten megastorms this season like the NE U.S., but our weather has its own fascinations and subtleties. Like the subtle flavors and accents of a fine wine compared to the overwhelming flavors of a highly sweetened soft drink. Northwesterners have sophisticated meteorological palates.

I guess religion is kind of like a bad painting that you paid a ton of money for: you’re gonna defend it no matter what anyone says, and you'll probably have trouble sleeping at night, at least for a while. Also, perhaps religion is like a watermelon sandwich: no one knows where it came from, or why it was made, but there it is, and you gotta behave, 'cause you don't know what the hell is happening.

And if you ask me, that’s exactly what one wants from an unforgettable food experience: a transcendent height of sensation, followed by a period of terror, followed by relief that one has not died, followed by laying in a crisp clean hotel bed, with just like one second before one falls asleep where one worries about death again, followed by about ten hours of solid beauty rest.

The possibility that we are living in a false vacuum has never been a cheering one to contemplate. Vacuum decay is the ultimate ecological catastrophe; in the new vacuum there are new constants of nature; after vacuum decay, not only is life as we know it impossible, so is chemistry as we know it. However, one could always draw stoic comfort from the possibility that perhaps in the course of time the new vacuum would sustain, if not life as we know it, at least some structures capable of knowing joy. This possibility has now been eliminated.

Political speeches are like yodeling: the point is to sound really nice, not to convey actual meaning.

On another really interesting point: there were no telephone cables crossing the atlantic until 1957. So how did folks make calls to Europe? The answer was the Heaviside layer of the atmosphere and radio transmissions. Yes up until 1957, all calls to Europe were made by bouncing waves off of the ionosphere.

Marine fish biomass dropped by 80% over the last century, which—taking into consideration the growth rate of the world’s shipping fleet—leads to an odd conclusion: Sometime in the last few years, we reached a point where there are, by weight, more ships in the ocean than fish.

I am living on scotch and smoked trout these days. I can sense an impending illness coming on.

We are all born naked, bloody, and screaming; the only thing we know is how to work a nipple. Everything else has to be learned.

In fact, the terror of Grýla was so widespread that there was a public decree in 1746 prohibiting the use of the tale of Grýla to frighten children - the oldest child protective services law in the Icelandic books.

There's something to be said for the simple pleasures of crouching over a pile of meat in some frigid South Lake Union alley like an animal as the Amazonians trundle by, but sometimes a roof and walls contribute to the enjoyment of a beastly sandwich.

Now, it’s like trying to see eye to eye with Yog-Sosoth, except Yog-Sosoth doesn’t actually have any of those.

And the thing about unicorns is, only an idiot would be caught arguing with them.

Do you ever feel like a storm? Sometimes I feel like I’m made of thunder and lightning. Never mind all those rumors about blood and muscles and bones. Those are metaphors. We could just as easily be made of thunder and lightning.

When we say things like I have an idea, what we really mean is I have seen a star.

Lately, I’ve been speaking to my trash before I throw it away, thanking it, apologizing, wishing it well. There’s alternative, more humane ways, to dispose of things. Have you ever been thrown away?

Defendants admit that none of the Defendants contacted, communicated with, or sought consent from Plaintiff regarding any specific posting, but deny that they never sought her input or comment regarding the postings generally.

On the scale of the universe, we are like a baby who just minutes ago learned to grab onto objects and already is hell-bent on pouring a hot pot of tea on herself using this new capability.

Why did two-year-old Camille proudly exclaim, “I undressed the banana!”?

We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology

Put it this way, if you want to hire someone to hit himself with a whip all day long, you find someone who doesn't know enough to know it hurts

At the moment I am stranded in the caldera of a live but currently dormant volcano on the island of Fogo

“I’m writing a book on magic,” I explain, and I’m asked, “Real
magic?” By real magic people mean miracles, thaumaturgical acts,
and supernatural powers.  “No,” I answer: “Conjuring tricks, not
real magic.”  Real magic, in other words, refers to the magic
that is not real, while the magic that is real, that can
actually be done, is not real magic.

Moving parts in rubbing contact require lubrication to avoid excessive wear. Honorifics and formal politeness provide lubrication where people rub together. Often the very young, the untraveled, the naïve, the unsophisticated deplore these formalities as "empty," "meaningless," or "dishonest," and scorn to use them. No matter how "pure" their motives, they thereby throw sand into machinery that does not work too well at best.

I could explain federal jurisdiction until we hate each other, but let me be brief

Faces are extremely important, and I don’t just mean that it’s good to have one.

The Spirits You Don't Believe In Are Here, And They'd Love To Speak To You

A man is on his first visit to Boston, and he wants to try some of that delicious New England seafood that he'd long heard about. So he gets into a cab, and asks the driver, "Can you take me to where I can get scrod?" The driver replies, "I've heard that question a thousand time, but never in the pluperfect subjunctive."

The other seasons you appreciate with your eyes, but summer you feel all over your body, on your skin, in between your toes and in your bones. Sometimes during summer I wonder why I am so much more aware of being an animal. And then it comes to me: Because I am wearing a loin cloth. Actually it is a ragged pair of gym shorts, but close enough. Summer is the season when total degeneration is socially acceptable.

Thomas Friedman is not a president, a pope, a general on the field of battle or any other kind of man of action. He doesn’t actually do anything apart from talk about shit in a newspaper. So in my mind it’s highly relevant if his manner of speaking is fucked.

The problem is that, although there are untold thousands of near-Earth asteroids out there, few are astrodynamically attractive.

Being elected mayor is a bit like being Seattle's wicker man — a few days of fun around the maypole and then … the bonfire.

The essential prerequisite for building an expert system is to have an expert.

I need to get down to business with my old enemy the astronaut, but the phone is ringing, and though I ignore it initially, it continues to ring, until I convince myself that it is the Wisconsin Coroner's Department, and answer.

After so many scandals, India is perhaps ready for a pro-honesty party.

I've been having weird dreams about Germans: in one dream I'm running through the woods and come across some German girls, who I start a snowball fight with. They end up turning me upside-down and burying my head in the snow. I awake suffocating, with a claustrophobic start.

Underground thunder; heavens split asunder; Atlantis goes under.

Like cocaine, the main problem with monogamy does not seem to be those times when it is readily available, but rather the crash you experience when your dealer cuts you off.

Ed is rapid-firing his own inner monologue at me, oblivious. In being openly pathological, he's the only honest person I know.

It seems Joey's time in the fridge really worked a number on him, and I'm thinking about going in for a session myself.

Buckminster Fuller described fire as "sunlight unwinding from tree trunks"

I’m normally not one to call people out for hypocrisy; generally, I’m pro-hypocrisy.

The claim that the government can't regulate atoms won't stand up if the atoms you have are in an arrangement that fires bullets.

People aren't mathematical entities. On average, you're a fool, because most people are fools. But if I start out treating you that way, you're right to be upset.

"The works must be conceived with fire in the soul but executed with clinical coolness," said the painter Joan Miró in describing his artistic process. I recommend a similar approach to you. Identify what excites you the most and will continue to inspire and energize you for the foreseeable future. Activate the wild parts of your imagination as you dream and scheme about how to get as much of that excitement as you can stand. And then set to work, with methodical self-discipline, to make it all happen.

What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.

Discarded beer cans are the way we southerners tell the rest of the world that there are good times to be had, right here on this muddy river bank where the mullet are jumpin’.

Water walks on fire and fire gets the blisters

All of the lives we could live, all the people we will never know, never will be, they are everywhere. That is what the world is.

The idea that even a self-aware rover would want to go back to Earth is blasé anthropomorphism

and the moon—it’s lately yearning to be a pearl. I don’t know why. Asking why insults the pearl’s bright white confusion of myriad colors that perhaps want to shine because shining is enough.

But I will use words like ontological when they need to be used but only then, if you see what I mean.

Much of my life has been devoted to the training of my palate. When you get your palate to where you want it to be, you feel empowered, like you have leverage on lesser mortals. It’s important not to be smug about it, though. People can sense it when you’re doing that whole “palate superiority” thing.

Programming languages are like cats. It is easier to get a new cat than to get an old cat fixed.

It now takes so much to outrage the American public into action that we're really unshockable. That's why America keeps cutting itself, in the hopes that it'll feel something.

because that's what we do: rip ourselves open to each and every seamless moment of creation and destruction, saunter on to airplanes, love again with reckless abandon and wide open hearts, and we eat the damn pie as if we're on death row, hopefully, faithfully, smiling, quivering on the razor between life and death as blueberry filling drips down our happy nervous chins.

From my lofty eyrie in the sky, I remain ever more convinced that computers are high-speed idiots, programmed by low-speed idiots.

Sometimes it's easy to think we're just in the here and now, but we are making history, we're in the future's past.

"Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other such matter; second, telling other people to do so. The first kind is unpleasant and ill paid; the second is pleasant and highly paid."

We close with words shared by an anonymous Mike O'Brien partygoer: "If you think of the politicians as dog breeds, O'Brien is definitely the golden retriever. [Does wide-eyed, giant-smile impression of O'Brien/golden retriever]"

He appeared devoid of insecurities, particularly when expressing ostensible insecurities, as if he knew he was supposed to have them and felt compelled to share fake ones lest he appear as confident and well-adjusted as he truly was.

What does it feel like to be you thinking about me thinking about being you thinking about me thinking about being you? Corollary: I am thinking about what it's like to be you.

At no point in their three years together had Abby confided to Rocco that she suspected she was supposed to be somebody else, mostly because he appeared to love her as she was.

It's not anecdotal evidence, it's artisanal data

Like many conservatives, I often feel angry and frustrated that more Americans aren’t more angry and frustrated.

And this is after all one of the main purposes of the university system: to employ extremely intelligent people, who might otherwise be out causing trouble, in tasks that consume their spare brainpower.

If I do not build for myself
For whom should I build?

The problem with math is that there's an infinite supply of it.

It's possible to describe anything in mathematical notation. I recall seeing some paper once in which someone had created a mathematical description of C. (I forget whether or not this included the preprocessor.) As an achievement, this is somewhat like building a full-size model of the Eiffel Tower out of tongue depressors. It's clearly not the act of a talentless person, but you have to wonder what they said when they applied for their grant.

And thus the university system performs its principal function, the assignment of rank. If you venture to suggest that the same function could be performed, at two orders of magnitude less cost, by an IQ test and three weeks at Parris Island, you are probably some kind of a fascist.

We gladly feast on those who would subdue us.

The slipperiness between innocuous utensil and deadly device represents the risk of insurrection.

But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought

It's like racing through the heliopause of the sun. You're Voyager 2, riding the solar waves. You know you're about to do your first presentation. It's going to be rough. And it is. But then you're through it, and you're in interstellar space from now on, there's no pressure.

"Rødgrød med Fløde!" is an insult that means "may your neighbours be the direct descendants of Grendel!"

Certainly, we can admire the application for its survival, an anachronism of the now defunct 90s PC era, a pre-web program written at a time when NT Server terrorized the data center landscape with the confidence of a T-Rex born to yuppie dinosaur parents who fully bought into the illusion of their son’s utter uniqueness because the big-mouthed, tiny-armed monster infant could mimic the gestures of The Itsy-Bitsy Pterodactyl.

Note to the analogy-challenged: One shouldn't compare apples to oranges. But it's fair to say both are food.

Back towards town we passed a crater where a young man suddenly stripped down naked and dove in with a shout.

The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time

In Psychology, the answer is always 5 +/- 2. In Physics, the answer is always transcendental. In Digital Computing the answer is always a multiple of 5 -- for example, how many fingers and toes do you have? In all fields, the problem is to find the question.

We should be able to determine if a system performed correctly by knowing only those events which _did_ occur, without knowing which events _could_ have occurred.

If you want to find your programs, go to the Start menu. The Program Files directory is like the pantry of a restaurant. You aren't expected to go in there and nibble on things that look interesting. You're expected to order things from the menu.

I dreamed that I was attending some sort of "how to be awesome" seminar where the presenter said, among other things, that a sea turtle, when left to thrive undisturbed, amasses $1 million in personal wealth within one year.

Human beings are generally a little absurd

“It does not look good,” a butterfly expert said. (By the associative property, butterfly experts are on the verge of extinction, too. Then we will live in a world with no butterflies and former butterfly experts, who will probably just walk around crying, if they don't all commit suicide.)

What I would’ve said is that I’m always, just prior to every moment on the verge of occurring, in the crazy ass superposition that might be one of two completely different worlds until the moment collapses into the less super position of shedding all its potential and merely being what it is, which is still really cool, sometimes.

“I don’t even know how to feel — I’ve never experienced this before,” said Jonah Bergman, 32, of Seattle, as he stood outside the 95 Slide bar on Capitol Hill after the [Super Bowl win]. “I kind of feel the urge to flip over that car, but I’m too passive-aggressive to do it.”

Everything speaks to us, yearning to be heard.

I am made of plastic and the screams of falling children!

Nothing is more normal for an individual than thinking he is not normal.

The Jamaican bobsled team are going to the Olympics based on donations from a cryptocurrency based on a set of jokes centered around a picture of a dog from a blog. There is a reason William Gibson stopped doing straight sci-fi.

This is how the game is played.  If you feel poorly about it, you’re like a batter who feels poorly about stealing bases in baseball: you’re not morally superior, you’re just playing poorly

If you think something's supposed to hurt, you're less likely to notice if you're doing it wrong. That about sums up my experience of graduate school.

Parents move to suburbs to raise their kids in a safe environment, but suburbs are so dull and artificial that by the time they're fifteen the kids are convinced the whole world is boring.

Bitcoin, on the other hand, is just a land where P. T. Barnum is endlessly proven right.

It’s like giving someone a handful of cherries and asking them how they like your cherry pie.

What should they know of English who only English know?

It’s like, French is a great idea, but nobody is going to invent 
French if they’re constantly being attacked by bears.

ALL-CAPS WITH NO PUNCTUATION IS SO MUCH TRUER TO THE WAY THOUGHTS HURTLE OUT OF THE HUMAN BRAIN THAN CAREFULLY MANICURED AND PUNCTUATED SENTENCES COULD EVER BE

Inside a warehouse in San Antonio, Jenison precisely reconstructs the actual room from the painting in order to paint his replica.

A systems programmer will know what to do when society breaks down, because the systems programmer already lives in a world without law

A group of British Masters of Wine visiting in 1976 were unimpressed by Pinotage, calling the nose "hot and horrible" and comparing the taste to "rusty nails".

However, if someone is motivated enough to kill you by focusing electromagnetic energy through a Pringles can, you probably did something to deserve that. 

Mountains talk, canyons listen

Thus, when security researchers tell me that they’re not working on passwords, it’s like physicists from World War II telling me that they’re not working on radar or nuclear bombs, but instead they’re unravelling the mystery of how bumblebees fly. It’s like, you are so close, and yet so far. You almost get it, but that’s worse than not getting it at all.

Modern corporate structures are basically feudalism in suits.

Uygarlastiramadiklarimizdanmissinizcasina - A Turkish word meaning `(behaving) as if you are among those whom we could not civilize’

From what I can tell, one of the settings used to deal with division by 0 is the so-called Riemann sphere, which is where we take a space shuttle and use it to fly over and drop a cow on top of a biodome, and then have the cow indiscriminately fire laser beams at the grass inside and around the biodome. That's my intuitive understanding of it anyway.

Describing why the Web is horrible is like describing why it’s horrible to drown in an ocean composed of pufferfish that are pregnant with tiny Freddy Kruegers—each detail is horrendous in isolation, but the aggregate sum is delightfully arranged into a hate flower that blooms all year.

Courts do not issue orders authorizing someone to search themselves, since obviously no such order is needed.

You might be wondering why we don't just ask a biologist about these mysteries. The reason is because you're inside a car right now, I'm driving, we're lost, both of us are tourists, and I'm one of those people that would sooner burn hours of gasoline than ask for directions. You also suspect I might be some kind of criminal, so you're afraid of bringing up the issue. All around it's pretty awkward in here.

Optimization is the art of relaxation

This is an image that does something images do not usually do. It acknowledges, explicitly, that it is an image.

What is more lovely than somebody reading?

Everything wants to be more than it is.

Privacy, as I often maintain, is just an unpleasant reminder that you are not a celebrity.

We must be careful about what we pretend to be

In this edge-of-America place where City Hall throws open its doors for a grand festival of gay marriages and cops hand out Doritos to stoners at the local pot festival, our gay mayor just announced a proposal for a minimum wage more than twice that of the nation. 

Good design, apparently, functions along the lines of a minor concussion—the less you remember it happening, the better.

I would give wings to children, but I would leave it to them to learn how to fly by themselves.

Or so it seems at the moment, as my fire dies to a twist of smoke and a heap of rubies, and for a moment I think I've almost caught a falling star: there is no mystery; there is only paradox, the incontrovertible union of contradictory truths. A falling star which melts into vapor as I grasp it, which flows through my fingers like water, like smoke.

Life began to seem plausible again after an afternoon of doubt

We shake hands and the tourist from Ohio goes away pleased, as I am pleased, each of us thinking he has taught the other something new.

If no one is looking for you write your will in the sand and let the wind carry your last words and signature east to the borders of Colorado and south to the pillars of Monument Valley--someday, never fear, your bare elegant bones will be discovered and wondered and marveled at.

The pinnacles, arches, balanced rocks, fins and elephant-backs of sandstone, glazed with water but still in sunlight, gleam like old gray silver and everything appears transfixed in the strange wild unholy light of the moment. The light that never was.

More clouds emerge from empty sky, anvil-headed giants with glints of lightning in their depths.

Fooling people into mistaking a submarine for a whale doesn't show that submarines really swim

Has joy any survival value in the operations of evolution? I suspect that it does; I suspect that the morose and fearful are doomed to quick extinction.

Something breathed nearby--I was in the presence of a tree.

We get up too late in the morning and have to cook breakfast in the awful heat of the sun. I burn the bacon and the wind blows sand in the pancake batter. But we're getting accustomed to sand-sand in our food and drink, in our teeth and eyes and whiskers, in our bedrolls and underwear. Sand becomes a part of our existence which, like breathing, we take for granted.

The past devours the future

I am not an atheist but an earthiest

I would describe myself as a nihilist anarchist but with a growing interest in puppetry. 

The phone company gave birth to Unix. Now there is no phone company and Unix runs on your phone.

An electronic circuit is usually recognized when one sees a plastic enclosure with some metal bits sticking out. 

"It's a non-narrative puppet show about philosophy that often touches on anarchist literary theory and nihilist poetics," he said. "The irony of trying to explain it is, I try to make it difficult to explain."

This article began with John McPhee, who begins many great things.

For a long time I've thought that an understanding of the way ant colonies are able to perform incredibly organized tasks might well be the key to an understanding of human cognition. Yet the ants that invade my house continually baffle me.

And we SNOOTS know when and how to hyphenate phrasal adjectives and to keep participles from dangling, and we know that we know, and we know how very few other Americans know this stuff or even care, and we judge them accordingly.

Family suppers often involved a game: If one of us children made a usage error, Mom would pretend to have a coughing fit that would go on and on until the relevant child had identified the relevant error and corrected it. It was all very self-ironic and lighthearted; but still, looking back, it seems a bit excessive to pretend that your child is actually denying you oxygen by speaking incorrectly.

He's both a lawyer and a lexicographer (which seems a bit like being both a narcotics dealer and a DEA agent)

The complacency of sitting still is a crime against yourself

if you're trying to choose between two theories and one gives you an excuse for being lazy, the other one is probably right.

When somebody has used a computer to write work that is demonstrably better than Dante's, and when this better is demonstrably attributable to the use of a computer, then I will speak of the computer with a more respectful tone of voice, though I still will not buy one.

It’s easy enough to pose the question “What type of ice melts the fastest?” But it’s much more complicated to ask “What type of ice from freezer temperature will melt fastest in a mixture of water and ethanol stored in a room-temperature glass held in a warm hand?” And, in the context of ice used to cool drinks, that is the only question that matters.

The situation is confusing and fluid, which is why everybody is afraid of the semicolon: it's the only punctuation mark that's honest and says, "Well I kinda do a little of this and a little of that."

We strive to be ourselves

We bury our incomprehension in the usual way, with words

All programmers are forcing their brains to do things brains were never meant to do in a situation they can never make better, ten to fifteen hours a day, five to seven days a week, and every one of them is slowly going mad.

In any event, the Library of Alexandria was burned out by the Romans when they were adding Egypt to their empire. Or maybe it wasn't. It's inherently difficult to get reliable information about an event that consisted of the destruction of all recorded information.

You have nothing to lose by developing your empathy and following your conscience toward greater compassion

How many of you have been able to grow a third leg? Most people can't even change their mind let alone change something fundamental about themselves.

What I mean is that how fast you learn is a lot more important than how much you know to begin with.

My greatest fear is discovering too late that something I'm doing will make me famous

Finally, sleeping as an activity is never done furiously as fury signifies intent and whatever else may be true when one is asleep it is certainly true that one lacks intent when asleep.

This is what it is to learn programming. You get to know your useful tools, then you look around, and there are some handy new tools nearby and those tools show you the bottomless horror that was always right next to your bed.

Always avoid noise, because noise isn’t just distracting, it makes us hate other people. 

The only reason coders' computers work better than non-coders' computers is coders know computers are schizophrenic little children with auto-immune diseases and we don't beat them when they're bad.

On the internet, it's okay to say, "You know, this kind of works some of the time if you're using the right technology," and BAM! it's part of the internet now.

And this is Mensa. Where smart people go to be assholes. Honestly, what productive member of society, with a healthy personal life and enough brains to get employed, has time to join a club based on a standardized test? 

The reader is the book’s self-consciousness. 

Hours before the day went wild, 
the sea went wild and began to carve, 
shutters on the homes were fastened, streets 
were cleared of children, and the reason 
you like storms went vague when black arrived.

If the meanings of 'true' and 'false' were switched, then this sentence wouldn't be false.

You have, of course, just begun reading the sentence that you have just finished reading.

Some people aren't books, they're poems

Every death is the end of the whole world. When you die, everything else dies. There is no end that is not essentially an apocalypse. Even an old woman slowly expiring on a bed beside a small window with a view of a lake and autumn clouds is like an asteroid tearing through space toward the planet with a slim layer (as slim as the skin of an apple) of life. We are in the world and are all of the world at once.

Rap's Law of Inanimate Reproduction: If you take something apart and 
put it back together enough times, eventually you will have two of them.
